[docs] Document type="number" limitation (#21500)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/text-fields/text-fields.md

The floating label is absolutely positioned, it won't impact the layout of the page.
You need to make sure that the input is larger than the label to display correctly.

> ### Number inputs allowing non-numeric characters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### type="number"
```

> By specification, inputs of type "number" allow the character 'e' (and other characters such as '+', '-', '.') to be entered.

Reviewer: This is only one of the 4 issues, I think that we could mention them all, with a link for more details to https://technology.blog.gov.uk/2020/02/24/why-the-gov-uk-design-system-team-changed-the-input-type-for-numbers/.

```jsx
<TextField inputProps={{ type: 'number' }} />
```

> If you are looking to validate that the input contains only numeric characters, consider using a field of type "text" with the _pattern_ attribute:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to validate that the input contains only numeric characters, consider using a field of type "text" with the _pattern_ attribute:
```

```jsx
<TextField inputProps={{ inputmode: 'numeric', pattern: '[0-9]*' }} />
```

> If you are looking to completely prevent the user from entering non-numeric characters, one approach would be to use a library such as [react-number-format](https://github.com/s-yadav/react-number-format). See [Integration with 3rd party input libraries](#integration-with-3rd-party-input-libraries) below for a demo.

Reviewer: I think that we will propose a dedicated number input in the future.

```suggestion
```

> If you are looking to completely prevent the user from entering non-numeric characters, one approach would be to use a library such as [react-number-format](https://github.com/s-yadav/react-number-format). See [Integration with 3rd party input libraries](#integration-with-3rd-party-input-libraries) below for a demo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you wish to completely prevent the user from entering non-numeric characters, one approach would be to use a library such as [react-number-format](https://github.com/s-yadav/react-number-format). See [Integration with 3rd party input libraries](#integration-with-3rd-party-input-libraries) below for a demo.
```

> ### Number inputs allowing non-numeric characters
> 
> By specification, inputs of type "number" allow the character 'e' (and other characters such as '+', '-', '.') to be entered.
> 
> ```jsx
> <TextField inputProps={{ type: 'number' }} />
> ```
> 
> If you are looking to validate that the input contains only numeric characters, consider using a field of type "text" with the _pattern_ attribute:
> 
> ```jsx
> <TextField inputProps={{ inputmode: 'numeric', pattern: '[0-9]*' }} />
> ```
> 
> If you are looking to completely prevent the user from entering non-numeric characters, one approach would be to use a library such as [react-number-format](https://github.com/s-yadav/react-number-format). See [Integration with 3rd party input libraries](#integration-with-3rd-party-input-libraries) below for a demo.
> 

Reviewer: What do you think of this alternative version?

```suggestion
### type="number"

The usage of `<input type="number">` can create potentially usability issues:

- Users can insert the letter "e"
- Users can accidentally increase or decrease the number using the scroll wheel
- [and more](https://technology.blog.gov.uk/2020/02/24/why-the-gov-uk-design-system-team-changed-the-input-type-for-numbers/)

If you are only looking to validate that the input contains numeric characters, consider using a field of type "text" with the _pattern_ attribute:

```jsx
<TextField inputProps={{ inputmode: 'numeric', pattern: '[0-9]*' }} />
```

In the future, we might provide an [input number component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/19154).
```

Author: @oliviertassinari That looks good, I was just now working on an updated version as well, see here: https://gist.github.com/IwalkAlone/83e16f4c22e8e09f55ce49d24889973f
I would include the issue link at the end as well, maybe a link to the roadmap too since Number Input is on there?

Let me know if you prefer your version or the one in the gist and I can make the update

Reviewer: A couple of thoughts on the gist:

- "poor" seems too strong for the accessibility support. The impact seems limited
- we don't recommand the pattern approach as a  replacement for type number, but as a viable alternative if validation is the main concern.
- I don't think that we should link the roadmap. The related issue is more appropriate.

Author: @oliviertassinari I've committed an updated version based on your comments. Thanks for the feedback 👍

The floating label is absolutely positioned, it won't impact the layout of the page.
You need to make sure that the input is larger than the label to display correctly.

### type="number"

Inputs of type="number" have potential usability issues:

- Allowing certain non-numeric characters ('e', '+', '-', '.') and silently discarding others
- The functionality of scrolling to increment/decrement the number can cause accidental and hard-to-notice changes

and more - see [this article](https://technology.blog.gov.uk/2020/02/24/why-the-gov-uk-design-system-team-changed-the-input-type-for-numbers/) by the GOV.UK Design System team for a more detailed explanation.

For number validation, one viable alternative is to use the default input type="text" with the _pattern_ attribute, for example:

```jsx
<TextField inputProps={{ inputmode: 'numeric', pattern: '[0-9]*' }} />
```

> In the future, we might provide an [input number component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/19154).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the future, we might provide a [number input component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/19154).
```
